c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database\Database\bin\Debug\Database.exe.config
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database\Database\bin\Debug\Database.exe
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database\Database\bin\Debug\Database.pdb
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database\Database\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database\Database\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database\Database\obj\Debug\Database.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database\Database\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database\Database\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database\Database\obj\Debug\Database_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database\Database\obj\Debug\Database_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database\Database\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database\Database\obj\Debug\Database.g.resources
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database\Database\obj\Debug\Database.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database\Database\obj\Debug\Database.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database\Database\obj\Debug\Database.exe
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Database\Database\obj\Debug\Database.pdb
C:\Users\Deepak\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Database\Database\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\Deepak\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Database\Database\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
C:\Users\Deepak\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Database\Database\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.MahApps.dll
C:\Users\Deepak\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Database\Database\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\Deepak\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Database\Database\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\Deepak\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Database\Database\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
C:\Users\Deepak\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Database\Database\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\Deepak\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Database\Database\obj\Debug\Overview.g.cs
C:\Users\Deepak\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Database\Database\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Deepak\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Database\Database\obj\Debug\Overview.baml
