c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\bin\Debug\HubPage.xbf
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\bin\Debug\SectionPage.xbf
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\bin\Debug\ItemPage.xbf
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\bin\Debug\HubApp1.Windows.xr.xml
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\bin\Debug\HubApp1.Windows.exe
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\bin\Debug\HubApp1.Windows.pdb
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\bin\Debug\HubApp1.Windows.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\HubPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\HubPage.g.cs
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\SectionPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\SectionPage.g.cs
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\ItemPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\ItemPage.g.cs
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\HubPage.xaml
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\SectionPage.xaml
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\ItemPage.xaml
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\HubPage.xbf
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\SectionPage.xbf
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\ItemPage.xbf
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\HubApp1.Windows.exe
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\HubApp1.Windows.pdb
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\deepak\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HubApp1\HubApp1\HubApp1.Windows\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
